INTMDB-397: oplogMinRetentionHours + NVMe Cluster Class Warning Doc Update (#1016)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/advanced_cluster.html.markdown

* `no_table_scan` - (Optional) When true, the cluster disables the execution of any query that requires a collection scan to return results. When false, the cluster allows the execution of those operations.
* `oplog_size_mb` - (Optional) The custom oplog size of the cluster. Without a value that indicates that the cluster uses the default oplog size calculated by Atlas.
* `oplog_min_retention_hours` - (Optional) Minimum retention window for cluster's oplog expressed in hours. A value of null indicates that the cluster uses the default minimum oplog window that MongoDB Cloud calculates.

> * **Note**  A minimum oplog retention of 3 hours is required when seeking to change a cluster's class to Local NVMe SSD. To learn more see [`oplogMinRetentionHours`](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/core/replica-set-oplog/#std-label-replica-set-minimum-oplog-size) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Note**  A minimum oplog retention is required when seeking to change a cluster's class to Local NVMe SSD. To learn more and for latest guidance see [`oplogMinRetentionHours`](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/core/replica-set-oplog/#std-label-replica-set-minimum-oplog-size) 
```
